set namespace to default before the installation verification (#4071)
knative/docs: docs/admin/install/knative-with-operators.md

## Verify your installation

1. Because the operator is installed to the `default` namespace, ensure you set the current namespace to `default` by running the command:

    ```

>     kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=default 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=default
```

> Verify your installation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Be sure to set the current namespace to the `default` as the operator is installed to `default` namespace:
> ```
> kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=default 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Because the operator is installed to the `default` namespace, ensure you set the current namespace to `default` by running the command:

    ```
    kubectl config set-context --current --namespace=default 
    ```
```

> Check the operator deployment:
> ```
> kubectl get deployment knative-operator
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check the operator deployment by running the command:

    ```
    kubectl get deployment knative-operator
    ```
```
